this is better than my imagination this
is not a true presentation I knew I was
meant to do
bank workers were about to make their
getaway everything had gone according to
plan or so the fools thought suddenly
the Avenger for the forces of good
appeared to seal their evildoer before
they knew what had happened
Ultraman had used his lightning speed to
remove the stolen money from their bags
and return it to the bank
bad guys returned the police were
waiting for them once again
Ultraman had made this world a safer
place are you alright
yeah absolutely tip-top perfect
you haven't locked your sister in the
closet again have you mom if I did that
you'd hear her yelling good point I'll
be down in a minute
dr. Jeff Kota are you having a garage
sale yes I am Andrew see anything you
like how much for this silver doohickey
$100,000 come on I'm a friend I'm not
really having a garage sale Andrew but
I'm glad you dropped by I'm leaving town
for a couple of days and I would love it
if you could keep an eye on the place
while I'm gone I have to go to school of
course you do and I would be the last
person to Swade you from doing so for
pete's sake what's all that junk ah mrs.
Schilling Bach could you be a little
more specific you're darn right I will
be we don't like eyesores in this
neighborhood my wondrous mrs.
schellenberg this junk as you so
eloquently refer to it just happens to
be the components of an important new
invention I am designing to add to the
quality of life on this planet what's in
it for me thank you for understanding
now get that junk out of sight or I'll
have it towed away
can she really do that this is private
property she can't do anything and now
even if there was someplace else to work
on it I would still leave it here as a
matter of principle what was I saying
it's a matter of principle no no no no
before that you have to go out of town
for a couple of days right
the Stern's corporation for whom I am
designing this solar engine wants me to
meet a couple of potential buyers at
cocktail party oh that sounds like fun
maybe but I have no time I have one week
to complete and deliver this machine you
are never gonna make it I have no choice
I would really appreciate it if you
could keep an eye on the place no
problem
now what were the events directly
leading up to the French Revolution
Diane the common people in France rose
up against louis xiv and Marie
Antoinette because the massive disparity
in wealth between the classes very good
now what were the precepts of the French
Revolution Andrew
you don't have to stand up I still
better on my feet the three precepts of
the French Revolution were equality
fraternity and everyone had to learn
French go on well a lot of people had
moved from the rural areas into Paris
because there was a sale on cake so
naturally they stormed the Bastille
because that's where they kept the cake
please respond immediately
dr. Benjamin Jeffcoat this is to advise
you that unless the hazardous materials
on your front lawn are removed from the
public visibility the city will dispose
of them without further notice
I left it in action using my powers to
save the elements of the precious
experiment that would forever alter the
destiny humankind
and row and row bank dr. J thank you
Andrew come down here right away please
why don't you try the stairs
notice anything you've lost weight
no but it seems my lawn has don't thank
me only doing my job
what does that mean city was going to
take all the stuff on your run away look
read it you read my mail just this one
letter that's not the point it's an
invasion of my privacy it's one of the
worst things you could do
oh I suppose you wanted them to take
this stuff off your lawn dr. Benjamin
Jeff both is advising lives and have
hazardous materials and not hazardous
further notice this probably misses
shelling box doing now she'll see all
the stuff is gone a lapper Neanderthal
head off well what did you do with it
drew start
I left into action using my powers to
save the elements of the precious
experiment that would alter the destiny
of humankind a new Caroline was in
danger I knew no one could help her but
me I transformed myself into
Ultraman everything's out of order the
wires are all crossed I think I remember
how everything went
Android do me a favor don't think don't
I think if it is possible it is even
more messed up than it was before
I could try it again you've done enough
dr. J I was only trying to help and
laughed as the goons useless bullets
bounced off me like tiddlywinks office
steel fortress
I transformed myself into Ultraman
yes well I'm sorry to trouble you but I
thought you might be a bit more
objective than I am what a chop see
Thanks now what is it that's troubling
you mrs. Clements well andrew has always
been into comic books but now I think he
may have gone too far I think he's
losing touch
I mean he's writing events in his diary
that couldn't possibly have happened the
way he describes them you read your
son's diary No
oh of course not I don't read my son's
diary well it was an accident
anyway I'm worried that this little
world of superheroes that he lives in is
becoming real to him you've read
something by accident perhaps we can get
to my problems another time right now
let's just concentrate on Andrew well
andrew is a very energetic student he
may not always have his homework done on
time but he he certainly has creative
ways to get around it he has a wonderful
imagination that's what I'm afraid of
well if you're really concerned about
this the school retains a psychiatrist
who comes in whenever there's a student
who has a problem I can make an
appointment for Andrew with dr. Fox I
don't really know how he'll react to
that so who's coming for dinner uh his
name is mr. Fox I'm selling in my house
you mean like when you get your car
filled up with gas you get a free dish
no he's new in town and he's living
alone so I thought it might be nice to
have him over Oh
the way to a man's heart right Andrew
it's nothing like that
sure mom I you just leave it to me
so how do you kids like your school it's
okay but recess isn't long enough how
long would you like it to be any well
there are so many classes in between
then I sometimes forget what me and my
friends were talking about my friends
and I that happens to you too what about
you Andrew what do you think about
school I think a boy can get no finer
education than the one he receives from
his mother especially if the boy happens
to have a mother like mine it was kind
caring and loving to a fault thank you
Andrew
tell me Andrew what kind of hobbies does
a boy like you have comic books baseball
and try and keep my mother's boyfriend's
name Street pen uh comics oh yes I used
to love them when I was a kid yeah
who was your favorite spider-man
definitely spider-man you know I used to
have these great adventures where I
would pretend I was him I used to know
someone who did that really yeah his
parents sent them to a shrink
why is it every time I hello Erin
hi dr. Jeff Jeff coat what's all this
junk it's not junk it's a you see I'm
gonna take all these things and I'm
gonna make a solar engine and what's
that well it's it's like a normal engine
except the Sun makes it go does it need
gas no that's what's so neat about it
you see the sunlight gets stored in
these solar panels which generates power
which makes this thing go what if it
gets cloudy that's a very good question
you know you have quite a scientific
mind I like that you know a lot of
people don't take much of an interest in
how a scientist solves his problems but
it can be really exciting because when
he when he solves his problems the
results can be important and beneficial
can I have my ball back
hi honey how's your day
mr. box
are you fine
how are you fine high school fine how's
work it's fine
is there anything interesting today yeah
we're studying a plane that's very
realistic the characters gonna talk just
like us
oh really who wrote it just some guy
named Harold Pinter mom listen there's
something I have to tell you that's
great Andrew I'm glad you want to talk
about it
are you ready if you are mr. Fox is
seeing another woman
well Javed now you said you were ready
but this is your news I saw him at
school today what a coincidence I wonder
what he was doing there Oh Andrew I have
some news for you too mr. fox is a
doctor mom you want a doctor get away
no dr. Fox is a psychiatrist I had him
over to observe you why well oh honey I
looked in your diary by accident and I
saw some of the strange entries you made
you looked in my diary
I know I know Andrew I feel terrible but
honey when I saw what was in there I
didn't know what to think I can't
believe you read my diary it's private
but I was worried when I saw sorry isn't
good enough you had no right to do that
this is serious dr. J my mother saw my
ultraman diary you're keeping a diary
are you crazy
that's what my mother and a psychiatrist
think what's in it events names places
dates yeah that too but it's mostly
action Andrew why don't you just hold a
press conference and tell the whole
world I didn't tell anybody it was in my
diary can you believe she did that my
private property I guess that's kind of
what I did to you come on hit me Andrew
you're invulnerable I know but it'll
make you feel better
it's not necessary all I was thinking
about was mrs. schellenberg getting her
way so when do we get to see if this
works I don't know it makes a terrible
racket it's a shell and box up at 7:00
here at 5:00
I'm sorry I read your diary I was wrong
yes you were but I forgive you but honey
what did it all mean
can you keep a secret mm-hmm you promise
you won't tell anyone
I'm a superhero
er to me no no no I thanks mom come on
what was all that in the diary I'm
reading a story I never told anyone
before because I thought they'd laugh so
I kept it a secret in my diary and I
wouldn't let anyone see it until I was
ready so there's nothing wrong with you
you're just a writer now what's our
secret
don't you worry you can count on me even
though I should never have found out it
can happen to anybody
oh I guess we do those things because we
care about one another but the next time
we've got something on our minds let's
just talk about it
do we have to be open about everything I
think we all have our little secrets
that's for sure
good night honey sweet dreams you too
mom
let me know how mr. fantastic makes out